                        Non-Commercial Purpose License


Copyright © 2005 by Pedro Mendes, Virginia Tech Intellectual
Properties, Inc. and EML Research, gGmbH.
All rights reserved.

Virginia Tech Intellectual Properties, Inc (VTIP) and and EML
Research, gGmbH (EML) Research own the COPASI software and its
associated documentation ("Software").  You should carefully read the
following terms and conditions before using this software.  Your use
of this Software indicates your acceptance of this license agreement
and all terms and conditions.

The main authors of COPASI are Pedro Mendes, Stefan Hoops, Sven Sahle,
Ralph Gauges, and Ursula Kummer. This software has been made possible
with the dedicated support of a large number of graduate students at
VBI and EML.

You are hereby granted a non-exclusive and non-transferable license to
use and distribute the Software in both source and binary form
according to the following terms and conditions.  This license is to
use the Software for Non-Commercial Purpose only.  Non-Commercial
Purpose means the use of the Software solely for internal
non-commercial research and academic purposes.  Non-Commercial Purpose
excludes, without limitation, any use of the Software, as part of, or
in any way in connection with a product or service which is sold,
offered for sale, licensed, leased, loaned, or rented.  Permission to
use, copy, modify, and distribute this compilation for Non- Commercial
Purpose is hereby granted without fee, subject to the following terms
of this license.  Only verbatim, complete, and unmodified versions of
this software (in either binary or source code form) are permitted to
be redistributed under this license.


1) Copies and Modifications

    You must include the above copyright notice and this license on
    any copy or modification of this compilation.  Each time you
    redistribute this Software, the recipient automatically receives a
    license to copy, distribute or modify the Software subject to
    these terms and conditions.  You may not impose any further
    restrictions on this Software or any derivative works beyond those
    restrictions herein.

    Any inquiries and comments regarding bugs, bug fixes, enhancements,
    modifications or any other similar issues should be directed to:
    bugs@copasi.org.


2) Commercial Use

    If you desire to use the software for profit-making or commercial
    purposes, you agree to negotiate in good faith a license with VTIP
    and EML prior to such profit-making or commercial use.  VTIP and
    EML shall have no obligation to grant such license to you, and may
    grant exclusive or non-exclusive licenses to others. You agree to
    notify VTIP and EML of any inquiries you have for commercial use
    of the Software and/or its modifications. You may contact the
    following email to discuss commercial use: license@copasi.org


3) Governing Law

    This agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of
    Virginia.


4) Disclaimer of Warranty

    Because this software is licensed free of charge, there is no
    warranty for the program.  VTIP and EML make no warranty or
    representation that the operation of the software in this
    compilation will be error-free, and VTIP and EML are under no
    obligation to provide any services, by way of maintenance, update,
    or otherwise.

    THIS SOFTWARE AND THE ACCOMPANYING FILES ARE LICENSED "AS IS" AND
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES AS TO PERFORMANCE OR MERCHANTABILITY OR ANY
    OTHER WARRANTIES WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED.  NO WARRANTY OF
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE IS OFFERED.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS
    TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD
    THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY
    SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.


5) Limitation of Liability

    IN NO EVENT WILL VTIP AND EML RESEARCH, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY
    MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE
    LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL,
    INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR
    INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF
    DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU
    OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY
    OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF VTIP AND EML RESEARCH OR OTHER PARTY HAS
    BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

    Termination
        This agreement is effective until terminated.  You may
        terminate this agreement at any time by destroying all copies
        of the software and other associated materials (e.g.,
        documentation) in your possession.  This agreement will
        terminate immediately without notice from VTIP and EML
        Research if you fail to comply with any of the terms and
        conditions of this license.  Upon termination, you must
        destroy all copies of the software and other associated
        materials.  This agreement will also terminate immediately
        with out notice from VTIP and EML if it is found to implement
        patented algorithms or contain copyrighted code not owned or
        licensed to VTIP and EML for the purpose of its inclusion in
        the COPASI software.  This agreement cannot be terminated by
        any other mechanism or for any other reason than those stated
        herein.

    Use of Names
        Users will not use the name of the Virginia Polytechnic
        Institute and State University, Virginia Bioinformatics
        Institute, Virginia Tech Intellectual Properties, Inc., EML
        Research, and COPASI nor any adaptation thereof in any
        publicity or advertising, without the prior written consent
        from VTIP and EML Research, gGmbH in each case.


6) Export License

    Export of this software from the United States may require a
    specific license from the United States Government.  It is the
    responsibility of any person or organization contemplating export
    to obtain such a license before exporting.


7) END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

    Address all correspondence regarding this license to electronic mail
    address:  license@copasi.org
